1	Yu Xi Lorn (, the Old Man Under the Moon), the old lunar matchmaker god, in the Chinese original version of the legend, tied the thread around both parties ankles.
2	In the Japanese version, it is traditionally bound from a mans thumb to a womans pinky finger; however, it became more common nowadays to show both parties with the read thread attached to their pinkies.
3	In Naruto, two points regarding Hinata and Narutos connection and relationship that the fandom could deem weird, inconsistent, or even absurd, actually make all sense by considering the culture and reality behind the anime, which was also confirmed in The Last: Naruto The Movie, when, after Narutos proposal to Hinata, her Tears of Joy turn into a nonphysical version of the red scarf she had been trying to give him all this time, symbolizing that her feelings finally reached his heart, putting the threads together.
4	Because of its symbolism, it is as though the red scarf itself is the main character in this movie, the most important character that, once and for all, brings together and ties these two lovers.
5	Serving as a bridge and also tying in the story of the series at the time of its release and the anticipated final chapter of the manga, The Last: Naruto The Movie envelops the blossoming romance between Naruto Uzumaki and Hinata Hyuga.
6	While most people state that it makes no sense at all when Naruto changes his red scarf for a green one, and Hinata seems to get jealous of it, it is not jealousy at all, but she might have seen it as a betrayal, a way of Narutos cutting their connection, which was established as a meant-to-be connection by the matchmaker God himself when they were tied though the red thread of fate, according to the legend.
7	The red thread of fate also explains the apparent instantaneous love Hinata feels for Naruto, without barely knowing him or even speaking to him (and that is quite hard for her too, for a while, to have proper conversations with him).
8	Since it connects two lovers, they can recognize each other in other lives, but sometimes only one of the partners does so.
9	Theres something about Sasuke that makes the female characters of Naruto fawn over him.
10	At the start of the series, Naruto tried to show his feelings to Sakura, but she made it clear she only cared for Sasuke.
11	Hinata is the only female character who hasnt had a crush on Narutos rival.
12	She has been kind to him, once giving her a bento box meal, but it wasnt out of love.
13	Hinata has always been fond of Naruto over everyone else.
14	One of Hinatas leading causes of stress is her family.
15	Hiashi Hyga, her father, has had high expectations of his oldest daughter since she was young.
16	After she failed in a competition to inherit the Hyga clan, Hiashi never looked at her the same.
17	He decided to support the winner of the competition, which left Hinata feeling powerless.
18	With her mother gone, Hinata didnt have much support in the Hyga family, which made her feel like an outcast.
19	Naruto contains a wide variety of characters.
20	The publisher of the manga series decided which character was the most popular at the time.
21	They released various polls, eventually including Hinata as an option.
22	In the first poll, she was voted as the top 10 characters.
23	The next survey showed her in sixth place.
24	Shes never breached the top five results, but she has often been the only female character to make the top ten rankings.
25	These polls show just how popular she is among Naruto fans in Japan.
26	Naruto is no stranger to ramen shops.
27	He has a healthy appetite compared to other characters in the series.
28	Hinata doesnt mind visiting Ichiraku Ramen with Naruto but prefers eating other foods.
29	Hinatas favorite sweet snack is cinnamon rolls.
30	Hinata also enjoys a bowl of zenzai which is a sweet soup made of red beans.
31	Her least favorite items are seafood with shells.
32	Hinata doesnt like crabs or shrimp but probably wouldnt refuse a dish made from the crustaceans out of politeness.
33	When were first introduced to Hinata, she has short hair.
34	Many other girls at the academy were growing out their hair to catch Sasukes attention.
35	Hinata only cared for Naruto.
36	She hoped that by cutting her hair short, Naruto would get the hint that she didnt care for Sasuke.
37	It was her shy way of telling Naruto she liked him.
38	Over time, Hinata didnt pay as much attention to what others around her thought.
39	She began to wear her hair long, the way she preferred, no matter how others may interpret it.
40	Hinata may have always believed in Naruto, but it took him longer to see it in himself.
41	He spent most of his life wanting attention from those who isolated in Konoha village.
42	For years, Naruto believed Sakura was the one for him.
43	In The Last: Naruto the Movie, Naruto realizes he was wrong.
44	Hinata believed in him and helped him achieve his goals throughout their childhood and teenage years.
45	She never gave up on Naruto, even when he had feelings for someone else.
46	Hinata has enjoyed cooking since she was young.
47	She picked up the skill from her mother, who passed away when she was young.
48	Hinata has prepared her lunch for the academy, but also prepared meals for others.
49	She made a lunch box for Sasuke when he was grieving and left before he could refuse to accept it.
50	Hinatas skill set isnt limited to meals.
51	With Sakuras help, Hinata has baked special Valentines Day chocolate for Naruto.
52	She wants others to enjoy her meals to show them how much she cares for them.
53	Its no secret that Hinata likes Naruto.
54	Hes unsure of his feelings for her for most of the series.
55	Those behind the series know the truth.
56	They hoped that fans would get the hint.
57	Their future relationship is hinted invariousNaruto video game series.
58	In many of the Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Storm games, using Hinata and Naruto in a team would give them the title Secret Lovers.
59	Many Naruto and Sakura couple fans were shocked, but it was apparent early on that the games were foreshadowing future events.
60	When Hinata was three-years-old, her family was at war with the Kumogakure clan.
61	Head Ninja from the Kumogakure decided to stop the war.
62	He visited the Hyga family to sign a peace treaty between their clans.
63	The peace treaty was, in reality, a trick to abduct Hinata.
64	Her father was forced to eliminate him, which started the Hyga Affair.
65	The Kumogakure denied the abduction accusation and demanded that Hiashi is also eliminated.
66	His twin brother, Hizashi, went in his place.
67	His sacrifice protected both the Hyga clan and their village but at a high cost.
68	Naruto is often seen as extremely lively and confident.
69	He managed to overcome the isolation and negativity from the people of Konoha.
70	Not every character is as confident as Naruto.
71	Hinata couldnt overcome her past so easily.
72	She lacked self-confidence and didnt believe in her abilities.
73	After meeting Naruto, she became inspired by his positive attitude.
74	She began to adopt the phrase jishin or self-confidence to motivate herself to overcome obstacles.
75	When she feels insecure, she tells herself jinshin and continues forward.
76	Names in the Naruto series often reflect their owners.
77	The name Hinata means place in the sun.
78	The kanji of her name can also refer to her surname, Hyga.
79	Her name is fitting as she overcomes her insecurities and tries to find her place in the Hyga clan.
80	According to the fourth Naruto Secret: Scroll of Formation Character Official Databook, her whole name is referred to as pure white lily.
81	This is later represented in Chapter 699 when white lilies are placed on the grave of her cousin, Neji.
82	Sakura Haruno is often seen as the primary heroine of the Naruto series because of her early appearance.
83	Once Hinata made her debut, she began to have a bigger role in the series.
84	During a 2010 interview, the creator Masashi Kishimoto admitted the truth.
85	Kishimotos co-workers admitted they felt that Hinata was more of a heroine than Sakura.
86	They felt Hinata had a more powerful backstory than Sakura, who had a relatively easy childhood compared to the other cast.
87	Hinata is the oldest daughter of the Hyga clan.
88	As a child, she was considered weak and frail.
89	Her father believed that she wasnt fit to inherit the clan.
90	Hinata was forced to fight her sister Hanabi to claim the title of Heiress of the Hyga.
91	Hinata was a formidable opponent, but couldnt hurt her sister.
92	This was seen as a weakness to their father.
93	Hinata lost the match because she was unwilling to hurt Hanabi.
94	For her failure, Hinata was cast out of the Hyga clan.
95	Naruto Uzumaki loves ramen.
96	He visited Ichiraku Ramen so often that he befriended the owner Teuchi and his daughter.
97	Hinata, wanting to get close to Naruto, also visited his favorite ramen shop.
98	They grew close talking over giant bowls of the noodle soup.
99	Hinata confided in Naruto, and he was happy to spend time with his friend.
100	Though ramen isnt her favorite food, she finished 46 bowls in one sitting.
101	The shop crowned her the Legendary Queen of Gluttony.
102	The title embarrassed her but impressed her crush.
103	When we are first introduced to Hinata, shes insecure about her abilities.
104	She didnt let herself unleash her true power.
105	We slowly watch her grow to be more confident.
106	During the Bikch Search Mission, she begins training to create a new jutsu technique.
107	Hinata learns the high-level Gentle Fist technique Twin Lion Fists, becoming one of the youngest characters in the series to wield it.
108	Its a short range attack in the anime and manga series, but in many of the video games she launches it as a projectile.
109	Hinata has unusual eyes that make her stand out among her peers.
110	Her eyes are a lavender color without visible pupils.
111	This unique feature doesnt mean shes unable to see.
112	Theyre part of her Byakugan, which was inherited from the tsutsuki Clan.
113	Hinatas Byakugan isnt a fashion statement.
114	Her eyes give her unique abilities with little effort which include seeing an opponents chakra more visibly than the Sharingan.
115	Using this ability helps her when using the Gentle Fist technique.
116	The Hyga clan is one of four noble clans in the Konohagakure.
117	At the end of the series, we learn the Hyga are descendants of Hamura tsutsuki of the tsutsuki clan, making them one of the most powerful groups of the region.
118	Hinata eventually meets the sage.
119	He is impressed by the purity of her chakra and decides to transfer his power to her.
120	This transfer causes the color of her chakra to turn purple.
121	Not only does this amplify her power, but also lifts up the stamina of others.
122	Using her chakra, she helped Naruto recover almost instantly.
123	He planned early on to make Hinata and Naruto a couple, which upset some readers.
124	Kishimoto told Anime News Network I almost caused a rift in my own household too because my wife was very upset also that Naruto didnt get together with Sakura.
125	Many who have enjoyed the series from the beginning always hoped that Sakura would return Narutos feelings.
126	Naruto himself realized that Sakura was something else that he was battling Sasuke over.
127	Naruto realized that Hinata was the one for him.
128	Hinata went through a drastic change towards the end of the original series.
129	She went from meek to determined.
130	Her personality further changes after marrying Naruto and having two children.
131	Hinata is a strict mother who is quick to punish her children when they act out of line.
132	Hinata loves them with all her heart, but she also believes in rules and structure.
133	One thing she doesnt do is try to hold them back.
134	She knows they have inherited Narutos independence.
135	Hinata strives to encourage them.
136	Hinata has become one of the most well-known kunoichi, or female ninja, in the series.
137	Kishimoto originally had different plans for her.
138	He developed her as a character that would support Naruto but had no ties to fighting.
139	Kishimoto eventually changed his mind and decided to make her a kunoichi.
140	In the Naruto Databook, her initial designs had her wearing a fashionable dress, not battle attire.
141	He eventually settled on styling her with ninja garb mixed with modern accessories.
